# Cloudblue Connect Dell Boomi Extension

## Overview
CloudBlue Connect is a supply automation platform that between others manages products, services, contracts, ordering and fulfillment, usage and subscription.
It supports any product, from physical goods to cloud products, as well as any channel, including your direct and indirect sales channels and internal procurement.
Vendors can leverage CloudBlue Connect to:
-   Reduce the total cost of ownership for homegrown technology supporting their indirect channel
-   Standardize integrations with partners
-   Increase efficiencies and minimize redundancies by bridging their direct and indirect sales channels

Distributors can use CloudBlue Connect to:
-   Define, manage and distribute any type of product (omni-product) through any channel (omni-channel)
-   Transform perpetual licensed products into a subscription model
-   Onboard new products into their portfolio quickly to build and deliver unique solutions to end customers

Dell Boomi Extension for Cloudblue Connect enables you to create apps that react to Cloudblue Connect events such as adding, changing, or deleting objects like purchase requests, assets, accounts.

It allows an easy and fast integration with the CloudBlue Connect Platform. Thanks to it you can automate the fulfillment of orders generated by your products.

Cloudblue Connect Dell Boomi Extension exposes methods for accessing Cloudblue Connect and uses the public API defined at [Cloudblue Connect OpenAPI Specification](https://connect.cloudblue.com/community/api/openapi/).


This extension has all of the functionallity exposed in the API definition, and provides you with all access to the functionality of the Connect Platform.

## Prerequisites
To use this connector, you must be familiar with:

-   The Cloudblue Connect operation    
-   Atompsphere platform    
-   Elements and global elements in a Dell Boomi flow    
-   Creating a Dell Boomi app using Dell Boomi Atomsphere (Studio)

## Getting Started

In this repository you will find the code of the Cloudblue Connect Dell Boomi Extension. To include and use in your Dell Boomi Applications go to the Releases page and download the last version. 

### Install Connector to use in Athomsphere
Dell Boomi Athomsphere allows to build, test and deploy Dell Boomi Apps in the Dell Boomi Cloud Platform or in on-prem platform. 
The documentation to deploy the connector in Athomsphere studio is available [here](https://connect.cloudblue.com/community/extensions/dell-boomi-extension/using-the-cloudblue-connect-extension/).

## Build an Dell Boomi app using Cloudblue Connect Dell  Extension
In Dell Boomi ecosystem, an integration between two or more platforms is called Application or App.
In this extension you will find more than 70 functionalities to build the app between Cloudblue Connect and 3rd party platorms. 
The description of the funcions are available [here](https://connect.cloudblue.com/community/extensions/dell-boomi-extension/build-integration/). 

## Contribute
If you want to contribute to the Cloudblue Connect Dell Boomi Extension development feel free to open issues or fork the github repository and submit your pull request.

## License
The Cloudblue Connect Dell Boomi Extension is licensed under the Apache License 2.0.